### October 21st, 2020
I started this project in order to dockerize a rails app. I've never worked with rails before. It took me a while to figure out how to setup the container. At first I tried installing ruby+rails+node+yarn myself but then decided to use the official ruby 2.7.2 image.

I knew that I wanted to do a much better job of having static versioning. As such I'm using the latest, LTS, and/or most stable versions of software.
- Rails is 6.0
- Ruby is 2.7.2
- Node is 12

It took me about 4 hours of frustration to get this to work. I referenced the Dockerfile best practices page a lot.

I was able to get my localhost to show the default Ruby server page, but I'm curious if I can do this without binding to `0.0.0.0`

If you're going to run `set -o pipefail` in a container, you need to make sure that you're running it with `bash` or another compatible shell.

I prefer to use long-form flags rather than their abbreviated forms for stuff like a Dockerfile or script.

If the Ruby Dockerhub maintainers decide to mess with 2.7.2 it could mess up this app.

I would like to use PostgreSQL because I've never used it before and it would justify creating another container. Then I could easily use RDS or EC2 with postgres since the app is designed to handle postgres.

I tried manually installing sqlite3 but had an issue where sqlite was in the PATH and yes the shell still couldn't find the binary. I had to resort to using apt to install sqlite3. This does not allow sqlite3 to be statically versioned

This app will not end up being a blog but being some sort of sports team management app.
